{\rtf1\ansi \deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Tms Rmn{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f2\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Helv{\*\falt Arial};}{\f7\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 MS Sans Serif;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Helvetica;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\sb240 \b\f2\ul \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{
\s2\sb120 \b\f2 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{\s3\li360 \b \sbasedon0\snext17 heading 3;}{\s4\li360 \ul \sbasedon0\snext17 heading 4;}{\s5\li720 \b\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext17 heading 5;}{\s6\li720 \fs20\ul \sbasedon0\snext17 heading 6;}{\s7\li720 \i\fs20 
\sbasedon0\snext17 heading 7;}{\s8\li720 \i\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext17 heading 8;}{\s9\li720 \i\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext17 heading 9;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\cs15 \additive\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}{\s16 \fs20 
\sbasedon0\snext16 footnote text;}{\s17\li720 \fs20 \sbasedon0\snext17 Normal Indent;}{\s18\fi-240\li480\sb80\tx480 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext18 nscba;}{\s19\fi-240\li240\sa20 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext19 j;}{\s20\li480\sa20 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext20 ij;}{
\s21\sb80\sa20 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext21 btb;}{\s22\fi-240\li2400\sb20\sa20 \f9\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext22 ctcb;}{\s23\fi-240\li480\sa40\tx480 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext23 ns;}{\s24\sa120 \f9\fs28 \sbasedon0\snext24 TT;}{\s25\fi-240\li2400\sa20 \f9 
\sbasedon0\snext25 crtj;}{\s26\fi-240\li480\tx480 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext26 nsca;}{\s27\sa20 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext27 bt;}{\s28\li240\sb120\sa40 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext28 Hf;}{\s29\li240\sb120\sa40 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext29 Hs;}{\s30\li480\sb120\sa40 \f9 
\sbasedon0\snext30 RT;}{\s31\fi-2160\li2160\sb240\sa80\tx2160 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext31 c;}{\s32\li2160\sa20 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext32 ct;}{\s33\li240\sa20 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext33 it;}{\s34\li480 \f9\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext34 nsct;}{\s35\fi-160\li400\sb80\sa40 
\f9 \sbasedon0\snext35 nscb;}{\s36\fi-2640\li2880\sb120\sa40\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15 \tx2880 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext36 HC2;}{\s37\fi-2640\li2880\sb120\sa20\tx2880 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext37 C2;}{\s38\fi-240\li2400\sa20 \f9\fs20 
\sbasedon0\snext38 ctc;}{\s39\li2160\sb160 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext39 crt;}{\s40\li480\sb20\sa40 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext40 or;}{\s41\fi-259\li360\sb40\sa40\tx360 \f7\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext41 Ln1;}{\s42\li115\sb80\sa80 \f7\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 *Intro;}{
\s43\li115\sb80\sa80\keepn \b\f7 \sbasedon3\snext42 *Title;}{\s44\fi-245\li360\sb80 \f7\fs20 \snext44 *Jl;}{\s45\li360\sb40\sa40 \f7\fs20 \snext0 Lp1;}{\s46\fi-1800\li1915\sb60\sl-240\slmult1\tx1915 \f7\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext46 Tph;}{\s47\li115\sb120\sa80 
\b\f7\fs20 \snext41 Proch;}{\*\cs48 \additive\super \sbasedon10 endnote reference;}}{\info{\title AFXPRINT}{\subject MFC Print RTF Help}{\author AFX}{\creatim\yr1992\mo10\dy7\hr12\min33}{\version1}{\edmins15}{\nofpages0}{\nofwords0}{\nofchars0}
{\vern49213}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0 \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7
\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \fs20 {\b\super {\*\bkmkstart HAT_Topic}
{\*\bkmkstart WHAT_Topic}{\*\bkmkstart WHAT_LastFoot}{\*\bkmkend WHAT_LastFoot}
\par }\pard {\cs15\b\fs16\up6\super {\*\bkmkend WHAT_Topic}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s16 \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HIDD_CANNEDMSGS_FORM}}{\cs15\b\f2\up6\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16 \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} Canned Messages (View Menu)}#{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s16 \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_VIEW_CANNEDMSGS}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16 \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 K} messages;canned messages;view}}{\b\f2 Canned Messages (View Menu)}{\f2 
\par }\pard {\f2 
\par The following fields may appear on this configuration view.
\par }\pard {\f2 
\par 
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx2610\cellx8748 \pard \intbl {\b\f9 Canned Messages\cell }\pard \intbl {\f9 The user may select a response to a received message from the list of \lquote canned messages\rquote 
.  The list must have a corresponding matching list within the service provider\rquote 
s subscriber database.  Certain device models may allow less than 16 entries to be defined.  Additionally, the list may be divided into Fwd/Rev, Fwd-Only, and Info-On-Demand messages.  Cetain models may not support Rev or Info-On-Demand messages.
\par }\pard \intbl {\f2 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f2 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx2610\cellx8748 \pard \intbl {\b\f9 Division Between Fwd/Rev and Fwd-Only CMC\cell }\pard \intbl {\f9 
Those canned messages with an index number less than this value may be used as \lquote received\rquote  or \lquote transmitted\rquote  canned messages with respect to the device.  Those messages with an index greater than or eq
ual to this value may be used as \lquote received-only\rquote  canned messages with respect to the device.  Set the entry to the maximum enabled index plus one to indicate that all messages are to be considered Fwd/Rev messages.
\par }\pard \intbl {\f2 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f2 \row }\pard \intbl {\b\f9 Division Between Fwd-Only and Info-On-Demand\cell }\pard \intbl {\f9 Those canned messages with an index number greater than this value are considered \lquote Information-On-Demand
\rquote  canned message codes.  An \lquote Information-On-Demand\rquote  CMC may be used by the subscriber to initiate a request for topical information from the servi
ce provider.  Upon receipt of such a request, the service provider will initiate a search for the desired information and subsequently transmit the results to the device.  This field may not appear with select device models.
\par }\pard \intbl {\f2 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f2 \row }\pard \intbl {\b\f9 Maximum Number of Canned Messages\cell }\pard \intbl {\f2 
Those canned messages with an index number less than this value are considered valid Fwd/Rev and/or Fwd-Only canned messages.  Messages with an index number greater than or equal to this value are considered disabled.  This field may not appear with s
elect device models.
\par }\pard \intbl {\f2 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f2 \row }\pard \intbl {\b\f9 Two-Way Messaging Options\cell }\pard \intbl {\f9 These options apply only to devices which are full 2-way messaging capable.  Specific options may not appear with select device models.

\par }\pard \intbl {\f2 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f2 \row }\pard \intbl {\b\f9 Enable Multiple Choice Responses\cell }\pard \intbl {\f9 
If checked, multiple choice responses are enabled.  If cleared, the device will disable response to received messages capability.  
\par }\pard \intbl {\f2 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f2 \row }\pard \intbl {\b\f9 Enable Info-On-Demand\cell }\pard \intbl {\f9 If checked, Information-On-Demand service is enabled.  An \lquote Information-On-Demand\rquote 
 canned message may be used by the subscriber to initia
te a request for topical information from the service provider.  Upon receipt of such a request, the service provider will initiate a search for the desired information and subsequently transmit the results to the device.
\par }\pard \intbl {\f2 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f2 \row }\pard \intbl {\b\f9 Number of Responses Allowed\cell }\pard \intbl {\f2 The number of times the user may respond to a received message.  Enter zero to indicate no limit.
\par }\pard \intbl {\f2 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f2 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx2610\cellx8748 \pard \intbl {\b\f9 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f2 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f2 \row }\pard \sb240 {\f9 
\par }\pard {\*\bkmkend HAT_Topic}
\par }