{\rtf1\ansi \deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Tms Rmn{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f2\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Helv{\*\falt Helvetica};}{\f7\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 MS Sans Serif;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Helvetica;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\sb240 \b\f2\ul \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{
\s2\sb120 \b\f2 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{\s3\li360 \b \sbasedon0\snext17 heading 3;}{\s4\li360 \ul \sbasedon0\snext17 heading 4;}{\s5\li720 \b\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext17 heading 5;}{\s6\li720 \fs20\ul \sbasedon0\snext17 heading 6;}{\s7\li720 \i\fs20 
\sbasedon0\snext17 heading 7;}{\s8\li720 \i\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext17 heading 8;}{\s9\li720 \i\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext17 heading 9;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\cs15 \additive\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}{\s16 \fs20 
\sbasedon0\snext16 footnote text;}{\s17\li720 \fs20 \sbasedon0\snext17 Normal Indent;}{\s18\fi-240\li480\sb80\tx480 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext18 nscba;}{\s19\fi-240\li240\sa20 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext19 j;}{\s20\li480\sa20 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext20 ij;}{
\s21\sb80\sa20 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext21 btb;}{\s22\fi-240\li2400\sb20\sa20 \f9\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext22 ctcb;}{\s23\fi-240\li480\sa40\tx480 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext23 ns;}{\s24\sa120 \f9\fs28 \sbasedon0\snext24 TT;}{\s25\fi-240\li2400\sa20 \f9 
\sbasedon0\snext25 crtj;}{\s26\fi-240\li480\tx480 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext26 nsca;}{\s27\sa20 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext27 bt;}{\s28\li240\sb120\sa40 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext28 Hf;}{\s29\li240\sb120\sa40 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext29 Hs;}{\s30\li480\sb120\sa40 \f9 
\sbasedon0\snext30 RT;}{\s31\fi-2160\li2160\sb240\sa80\tx2160 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext31 c;}{\s32\li2160\sa20 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext32 ct;}{\s33\li240\sa20 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext33 it;}{\s34\li480 \f9\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext34 nsct;}{\s35\fi-160\li400\sb80\sa40 
\f9 \sbasedon0\snext35 nscb;}{\s36\fi-2640\li2880\sb120\sa40\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15 \tx2880 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext36 HC2;}{\s37\fi-2640\li2880\sb120\sa20\tx2880 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext37 C2;}{\s38\fi-240\li2400\sa20 \f9\fs20 
\sbasedon0\snext38 ctc;}{\s39\li2160\sb160 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext39 crt;}{\s40\li480\sb20\sa40 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext40 or;}{\s41\fi-259\li360\sb40\sa40\tx360 \f7\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext41 Ln1;}{\s42\li115\sb80\sa80 \f7\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 *Intro;}{
\s43\li115\sb80\sa80\keepn \b\f7 \sbasedon3\snext42 *Title;}{\s44\fi-245\li360\sb80 \f7\fs20 \snext44 *Jl;}{\s45\li360\sb40\sa40 \f7\fs20 \snext0 Lp1;}{\s46\fi-1800\li1915\sb60\sl-240\slmult1\tx1915 \f7\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext46 Tph;}{\s47\li115\sb120\sa80 
\b\f7\fs20 \snext41 Proch;}{\*\cs48 \additive\super \sbasedon10 endnote reference;}}{\info{\title AFXPRINT}{\subject MFC Print RTF Help}{\author AFX}{\creatim\yr1992\mo10\dy7\hr12\min33}{\version1}{\edmins6}{\nofpages0}{\nofwords0}{\nofchars0}
{\vern49213}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0 \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7
\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \fs20 {\b\super 
\par }{\cs15\b\fs16\up6\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16 \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HIDD_PROTOCOL50_FORM}}{\cs15\b\f2\up6\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16 \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} Reflex50 Protocol (View Menu)}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s16 \fs20 {
\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_VIEW_PROTO50}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16 \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 K} Reflex50;view;protocol}}{\b\f2 Reflex50 Protocol (View Menu)
\par }
\par {\f2 The following fields may appear on this configuration view.
\par }\pard {\f2 
\par 
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx2610\cellx8748 \pard \intbl {\b\f9 Reverse Channel Frequencies\cell }\pard \intbl {\f9 The device will transmit on one or more of the enabled frequencies as directed by the system.
\par }{\f2 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f2 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx2610\cellx8748 \pard \intbl {\b\f9 Base Frame Management\cell }{\f9 
The device is configured to decode data at the specified synchronized signal frames and to utilize the specified collapse values as a wake-up and decode control value.  
\par 
\par NOTE:  The frame assignment should not be modified arbitrarilly since an algorithmic relationship exists between the Electronic Serial Number, Personal Address, Base Frame, and Home Control Channel Number.  An invalid configuration will disable the device
.
\par }{\f2 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f2 \row }\pard \intbl {\b\f9 Information Services Frame and Collapse\cell }{\f9 The device will decode
 information service data at the specified synchronized signal frame and utilize the specified collapse value as a wake-up and decode control value.
\par }{\f2 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f2 \row }\pard \intbl {\b\f9 Personal Frame Collapse\cell }{\f9 
The device will decode personally addressed data at the specified synchronized signal frame and utilize the specified collapse value as a wake-up and decode control value.
\par }{\f2 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f2 \row }\pard \intbl {\b\f9 Base Frame\cell }{\f9 The de
vice is assigned a base frame in the set of 128 frames appearing on the forward channel during each 4 minute cycle.  There are 7 bits in the ReFLEX50 protocol frame information word for conveying the frame number information (0-127).  The device can mask 
the frame information bits based upon its codeplug configured value, or, it can receive a mask value over the air.  The device will decode every 2^n (n=collapse value) frames from the assigned base frame.
\par 
\par NOTE:  The frame assignment should not be modified 
arbitrarilly since an algorithmic relationship exists between the Electronic Serial Number, Personal Address, Base Frame, and Home Control Channel Number.  An invalid configuration will disable the device.
\par }{\f2 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f2 \row }\pard \intbl {\b\f9 Collapse\cell }{\f9 
The collapse value associated with an address defines how often the device will wake-up to decode a frame within the 128 frame cycle.  The collapse value allows message delivery latency to be traded for battery life.  The configured collapse value may be 
overridden by received system directives.  
\par }{\f2 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f2 \row }\pard \intbl {\b\f9 Use the Received Logical Channel Number\cell }{\f9 
One of four 12.5 kHz subchannels about the forward channel center frequency.  Upon reset, the device decodes on control channel 0 by default.  Upon receipt of the block information word, the device dynamically determines its home subchannel based upon its
 Home Control Channel Number and a received value.  The assigned home subchannel may change repeatedly based upon system directives.
\par }{\f2 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f2 \row }\pard \intbl {\b\f9 Home Control Channel Number\cell }{\f9 
The device is assigned a number (1-12) which is used to determine the assigned logical channel number (0-3).  A subset of all devices are assigned the same number such that the set of all devices are uniformly distributed in the range from 1 to 12.  The n
umber, combined with with a received control value, provides a uniform distribution of logical channel number assignments among all devices on the system.
\par 
\par NOTE:  The Home Control Channel Number assignment should not be modified arbitrarilly since an algori
thmic relationship exists between the Electronic Serial Number, Personal Address, Base Frame, and Home Control Channel Number.  An invalid configuration will disable the device.
\par }
\par {\f2 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f2 \row }\pard \intbl {\b\f9 Forward Channel Frequency\cell }{\f9 The center frequency about which a 50 kHz band of four 12.5 kHz subchannels exist.  
\par 
\par \tab F0 = Center - 0.005 MHz
\par \tab F1 = Center + 0.005 MHz
\par \tab F2 = Center + 0.015 MHz
\par \tab F3 = Center - 0.015 Mhz
\par }{\f2 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f2 \row }\pard \intbl {\b\f9 Sleep Duty Cycle\cell }{\f9 The number of default sleep frames while the device is not synchronized with the system.
\par }
\par {\f2 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f2 \row }\pard \intbl {\b\f9 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f2 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f2 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx2610\cellx8748 \pard \intbl {\b\f9 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f2 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f2 \row }\pard 
\par }