{\rtf1\ansi \deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Tms Rmn{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f2\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Helv{\*\falt Helvetica};}{\f7\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 MS Sans Serif;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Helvetica;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\sb240 \b\f2\ul \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{
\s2\sb120 \b\f2 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{\s3\li360 \b \sbasedon0\snext17 heading 3;}{\s4\li360 \ul \sbasedon0\snext17 heading 4;}{\s5\li720 \b\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext17 heading 5;}{\s6\li720 \fs20\ul \sbasedon0\snext17 heading 6;}{\s7\li720 \i\fs20 
\sbasedon0\snext17 heading 7;}{\s8\li720 \i\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext17 heading 8;}{\s9\li720 \i\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext17 heading 9;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\cs15 \additive\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}{\s16 \fs20 
\sbasedon0\snext16 footnote text;}{\s17\li720 \fs20 \sbasedon0\snext17 Normal Indent;}{\s18\fi-240\li480\sb80\tx480 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext18 nscba;}{\s19\fi-240\li240\sa20 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext19 j;}{\s20\li480\sa20 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext20 ij;}{
\s21\sb80\sa20 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext21 btb;}{\s22\fi-240\li2400\sb20\sa20 \f9\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext22 ctcb;}{\s23\fi-240\li480\sa40\tx480 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext23 ns;}{\s24\sa120 \f9\fs28 \sbasedon0\snext24 TT;}{\s25\fi-240\li2400\sa20 \f9 
\sbasedon0\snext25 crtj;}{\s26\fi-240\li480\tx480 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext26 nsca;}{\s27\sa20 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext27 bt;}{\s28\li240\sb120\sa40 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext28 Hf;}{\s29\li240\sb120\sa40 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext29 Hs;}{\s30\li480\sb120\sa40 \f9 
\sbasedon0\snext30 RT;}{\s31\fi-2160\li2160\sb240\sa80\tx2160 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext31 c;}{\s32\li2160\sa20 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext32 ct;}{\s33\li240\sa20 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext33 it;}{\s34\li480 \f9\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext34 nsct;}{\s35\fi-160\li400\sb80\sa40 
\f9 \sbasedon0\snext35 nscb;}{\s36\fi-2640\li2880\sb120\sa40\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15 \tx2880 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext36 HC2;}{\s37\fi-2640\li2880\sb120\sa20\tx2880 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext37 C2;}{\s38\fi-240\li2400\sa20 \f9\fs20 
\sbasedon0\snext38 ctc;}{\s39\li2160\sb160 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext39 crt;}{\s40\li480\sb20\sa40 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext40 or;}{\s41\fi-259\li360\sb40\sa40\tx360 \f7\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext41 Ln1;}{\s42\li115\sb80\sa80 \f7\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 *Intro;}{
\s43\li115\sb80\sa80\keepn \b\f7 \sbasedon3\snext42 *Title;}{\s44\fi-245\li360\sb80 \f7\fs20 \snext44 *Jl;}{\s45\li360\sb40\sa40 \f7\fs20 \snext0 Lp1;}{\s46\fi-1800\li1915\sb60\sl-240\slmult1\tx1915 \f7\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext46 Tph;}{\s47\li115\sb120\sa80 
\b\f7\fs20 \snext41 Proch;}{\*\cs48 \additive\super \sbasedon10 endnote reference;}}{\info{\title AFXPRINT}{\subject MFC Print RTF Help}{\author AFX}{\creatim\yr1992\mo10\dy7\hr12\min33}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages0}{\nofwords0}{\nofchars0}
{\vern49213}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0 \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7
\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \fs20 {\cs15\b\fs16\up6\super 
{\*\bkmkstart HAT_Topic}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s16 \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HIDD_R50REG_FORM}}{\cs15\b\f2\up6\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16 \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} Registration (View Menu)}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s16 \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #}
 HID_VIEW_REGISTRATION}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16 \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 K} registration;view}}{\b\f2 Registration (View Menu)}{\f2 
\par 
\par The following fields may appear on this configuration view.
\par 
\par 
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx2610\cellx8748 \pard \intbl {\b\f9 Registration\cell }{\f9 
Registration allows service providers to track in which coverage region the device is currently located.  This mechanism facilitates frequency re-use and thus improvement in system capacity.
\par }{\f2 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f2 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx2610\cellx8748 \pard \intbl {\b\f9 Automatic Registration Mode\cell }{\f9 
If checked, the device will automatically attempt aggressive registration upon initial synchronization, zone change, or an out/in-range condition.
\par }{\f2 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f2 \row }\pard \intbl {\b\f9 Incommunicado Timer\cell }{\f9 The number of frames to wait after loosing forward channel synchronization when registered before re-starting aggressive registration.
\par }{\f2 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f2 \row }\pard \intbl {\b\f9 Communicado Timer\cell }{\f9 The number of frames to wait after detecting a new zone ID before re-starting aggressive registration.
\par }{\f2 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f2 \row }\pard \intbl {\b\f9 Aggressive Attack\cell }{\f9 Multiplier used in the aggressive registration back-off algorithm to determine the number of frames to wait for acknowledgement between Aloha regist
ration packet transmissions.  The original Aloha retry timer value is multiplied by this value to calculate a new delay value.  A new delay value is calculated after each series of retrys.
\par }{\f2 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f2 \row }\pard \intbl {\b\f9 Aggressive Ceiling\cell }{\f9 The maximum number of frames to wait for acknowledgement from the system before scheduling the next registration packet transmission.
\par }{\f2 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f2 \row }\pard \intbl {\b\f9 Aggressive Retry Timer\cell }{\f9 The number of frames to wait for acknowledgement from the system before scheduling the next registration packet.
\par }{\f2 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f2 \row }\pard \intbl {\b\f9 Aggressive Retry Count\cell }{\f9 The number of registration packet transmissions to be made using a particular value of Aloha retry timer before calculating a new delay value.
\par }{\f2 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f2 \row }\pard \intbl {\b\f9 In-Range Timer\cell }{\f9 The number of successful synchronizations needed to consider the device in-range.
\par }{\f2 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f2 \row }\pard \intbl {\b\f9 Out-of-Range Timer\cell }{\f9 The number of unsuccessful synchronizations needed to consider the device out-of-range.
\par }{\f2 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f2 \row }\pard \intbl {\b\f9 Aloha Packet Transmission\cell }{\f2 
The unscheduled portion of the reverse channel uses a slotted ALOHA scheme to provide randomly accessible slots for unsolicited device-to-system transmissions.  An algorithm is employed to select a transmission slot which minimizes the probability of coll
isions.
\par \cell }\pard \intbl {\f2 \row }\pard \intbl {\b\f9 Transmitter State Change Notify\cell }{\f9 When checked, the device transmits notificat
ion of when the transmitter is turned-on as well as notification of when the transmitter is being turned-off.  The service provider will store deliverable messages until the transmitter-on notification is received.
\par }{\f2 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f2 \row }\pard \intbl {\b\f9 Aloha Retry Timer\cell }{\f9 The number of frames to wait for acknowledgement from the system before scheduling the next Aloha retry for a particular pending Aloha message.
\par }{\f2 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f2 \row }\pard \intbl {\b\f9 Aloha Retry Count\cell }{\f9 The number of times the device will repeat failed Aloha transmission attempts.
\par }{\f2 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f2 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx2610\cellx8748 \pard \intbl {\b\f9 Randomization Interval\cell }{\f9 Used to c
alculate a frame number for an Aloha transmission.  A random number from 1 to this value is chosen and added to the current frame number being received by the device to determine the frame number for transmission.
\par }{\f2 \cell }\pard \intbl {\f2 \row }\pard {\*\bkmkend HAT_Topic}
\par }